[docs] Refresh the license key documentation (#3529)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/getting-started/getting-started.md

yarn add @mui/material
```

> ## Quickstart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Quick start guide
```

https://www.google.com/search?q=%22quickstart+guide%22
https://www.google.com/search?q=%22quick+start+guide%22

Author: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/quickstart

> A guide or manual intended to get a user rapidly acquainted with a program or system.

> The data grid comes with two different licenses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data grid comes in two different versions:
```

Author: I disagree with this change, I think that what matters more is the license, not the package

Reviewer: It's confusing. It sounds like one package with two licenses.

```suggestion
The data grid comes in two separately licensed packages:
```

Author: Ok, I have tried something bolder.

> - [MIT license](https://tldrlegal.com/license/mit-license). It's available on npm as [`@mui/x-data-grid`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mui/x-data-grid) and includes the [DataGrid](/api/data-grid/data-grid/) component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [DataGrid](/api/data-grid/data-grid/), which is [MIT licensed](https://tldrlegal.com/license/mit-license) and available on npm as `@mui/x-data-grid`.
```

> - [Commercial license](/x/license/). It's available on npm as [`@mui/x-data-grid-pro`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mui/x-data-grid-pro) and includes the [DataGridPro](/api/data-grid/data-grid-pro/) component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [DataGridPro](/api/data-grid/data-grid-pro/), which is [commercially licensed](/x/license/) and available on npm as `@mui/x-data-grid-pro`.
```

> The features not available in the MIT version are suffixed with a <span class="plan-pro"></span> icon for the Pro plan or a <span class="plan-premium"></span> icon for the Premium plan in the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The features only available in the commercial version are suffixed in the documentation with <span class="plan-pro"></span> for the Pro plan or <span class="plan-premium"></span> for the Premium plan.
```

For example:

<div class="only-light-mode">
  <img src="/static/x/commercial-header-icon-light.png" style="width: 579px; margin-bottom: 2rem;" alt="" loading="lazy">
</div>
<div class="only-dark-mode">
  <img src="/static/x/commercial-header-icon-dark.png" style="width: 560px; margin-bottom: 2rem;" alt="" loading="lazy">
</div>

> You can check the [feature comparison](#feature-comparison) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check the [feature comparison table](#feature-comparison) for more details.
```

| [Keyboard navigation](/components/data-grid/accessibility/#keyboard-navigation)           |    ✅     |                 ✅                 |                     ✅                     |
| [Localization](/components/data-grid/localization/)                                       |    ✅     |                 ✅                 |                     ✅                     |

> ### Evaluation (trial) licenses

Author: Same header as in the EULA

> You are [free to install](https://mui.com/store/legal/mui-x-eula/#evaluation-trial-licenses) and try `DataGridPro` as long as it is not used for development of a feature intended for production.

Author: I anticipate for what we explored in https://github.com/mui-org/mui-store/pull/81 (we reverted this PR) but still it's going to be the same URL, as far as I know.

Please take the component for a test run, no need to contact us.

## License key

> In addition to the license, MUI X Pro & Premium use the notion of a "license key".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For commercially licensed software, a license key is provided. This removes the watermark for versions released during the maintenance period, and provides a console warning if a later version is used.
```

Author: ```suggestion
For commercially licensed software, a license key is provided.
This removes the watermark for versions released until the end of the maintenance period and provides a console warning if a later version is used.
```

> This is meant as reminder for developers to know they are not legally licensed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: ```suggestion
Th license key is meant as a reminder for developers and their team to know they are correctly legally licensed to use the software.
```

> It's not a hard constraint. The hard constraint is the international IP laws.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Installation

Once you purchase a license, you'll receive a license key by email.

> This key should be provided to the package to remove the watermark and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This key should be installed to remove the watermark and
```

Author: This is a self-reference `### Installation -> the key should be installed`

```suggestion
This key should be provided to the package to remove the watermark and
```

> the warnings in the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
console warnings.
```

| [Keyboard navigation](/components/data-grid/accessibility/#keyboard-navigation)           |    ✅     |                 ✅                 |                     ✅                     |
| [Localization](/components/data-grid/localization/)                                       |    ✅     |                 ✅                 |                     ✅                     |

> ### Evaluation (trial) licenses

Author: It stays an evaluation trial license. I think that the 30 days should only be a secondary level of information.

You are [free to install](https://mui.com/store/legal/mui-x-eula/#evaluation-trial-licenses) and try `DataGridPro` as long as it is not used for development of a feature intended for production.

> Please take the component for a test run, no need to contact us.

Author: It depends on the problem we want to solve. I was proposing 30 days as a limit to hedge the case where team don't understand the term of the license correctly. But another option could be to make it more obvious, e.g. by including it in the waring and watermark.

);
```

### Security

> The MUI X checks the license key without making any network requests. It's air gappped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data grid checks the license key without making any network requests.
```

Author: Once we have an isolated space for MUI X, we will move this content to cover the whole MUI X Pro/Premium plan, so I think that we can keep it generic.

> The license key is designed to be public, the only thing we ask licensed users is not to proactively shoot out their license key to the world. Exposing the license key publicly in a JavaScript bundle is the expected outcome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The license key is designed to be public, the only thing we ask of licensed users is to not proactively publicise their license key. Exposing the license key in a JavaScript bundle is expected.
```

### Validation errors

> If the validation of the license key fail, the component displays a watermark in development and production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the validation of the license key fails, the component displays a watermark and provides a console warning in both development and production.
```

> End-users can still use the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
End users can still use the component.
```

Author: Ok, I could find this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/End_user#cite_note-1

<img width="1197" alt="Screenshot 2022-01-12 at 22 26 44" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3165635/149223931-176304a5-0a9d-460f-819f-ebac5974f05d.png">

> The component also prints a warning in the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Below are the different validation error possible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the different possible validation errors:
```

#### Missing license key

If the license key is missing, the component will look something like this:

<div class="only-light-mode">
  <img src="/static/x/watermark-light.png" style="width: 653px; margin-bottom: 2rem;" alt="" loading="lazy">
</div>
<div class="only-dark-mode">
  <img src="/static/x/watermark-dark.png" style="width: 645px; margin-bottom: 2rem;" alt="" loading="lazy">
</div>

> Note that you are still allowed to use the component for [evaluation purposes](#evaluation-trial-licenses) in this case.

#### License key expired

The licenses are perpetual, the license key will work forever with the current version of the software.

> However, **access to updates/uprades** is not perpetual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, **access to updates/upgrades** is not perpetual.
```

> If you install a new version of the component for which the license key has expired, you will trigger a watermark and console message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing a version of the component released after the license key has expired will trigger a watermark and console message.
```

> For example, if you just had your a one-year license (default), you are not licensed to install a version that is two years in the future but you can upgrade to the next major that will be released 6 months later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: ```suggestion
For example, if you just had a one-year license (default), you are not licensed to install a version that is two years in the future but you can upgrade to the next major that will be released 6 months later or use a version that is 6 months old.
```

#### Invalid license key

> The license key you have installed was not issued by MUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The license key you have installed is not as issued by MUI.
```

);
```

### Security

The check of the license key is done without making any network requests.

The license key is designed to be public, the only thing we ask of licensed users is to not proactively publicize their license key.
Exposing the license key in a JavaScript bundle is expected.

### Validation errors

If the validation of the license key fails, the component displays a watermark and provides a console warning in both development and production.
End users can still use the component.

Here are the different possible validation errors:

#### Missing license key

If the license key is missing, the component will look something like this:

<div class="only-light-mode">
  <img src="/static/x/watermark-light.png" style="width: 653px; margin-bottom: 2rem;" alt="" loading="lazy">
</div>
<div class="only-dark-mode">
  <img src="/static/x/watermark-dark.png" style="width: 645px; margin-bottom: 2rem;" alt="" loading="lazy">
</div>

> Note that you are still allowed to use the component for [evaluation purposes](#evaluation-trial-licenses) in this case.

#### License key expired

> The licenses are perpetual, the license key will work forever with the current version of the software.

Author: Depends, in the future, the store will likely allow to purchase for a couple of years in advance. Maybe up to 3? cc @mbrookes. But I get that this sentence could be clearer.
```suggestion
The licenses are perpetual, the license key will work forever with the current version of the software.
It's the access to future versions and support that is limited in time.
```
